index.md, before:

## Table of contents

* [Overview](#overview)
* [User Guide](#user-guide)

## Overview

Coral Dodging Aquaware is a project designed to list and categorize various beaches and Surfbreaks around UH Manoa and Oahu.  The breaks could be listed by distance from campus, by skill level, wave direction (lefts or rights), ideal swell directions, and ideal swell sizes.  This app could be helpful for the students who have come to UH Manoa from other places and would like to know which beaches would be ideal to surf for their skill level.  Maybe we could include potential hazards as well and a basic descirption of the location.  We could also add additional information to the app such as other activities that could be done at the beaches, such as swimming, snorkeling, volleyball or scuba diving.  We plan on having two roles, an administrative role as well as a basic user role.  Users can view the places while admins can make changes.  Different tabs could be used to reflect different skill level or other categories.  A user can specify skill level and get various suggestions based on their skill level.  User logs in, sets up profiles and can browse or receive suggestions.  We could also implement a rating system where users can rate the breaks.  Depending on how far we get maybe some beyond the basics features could be implemented, user generated reviews of places or maybe a chat area where people can discuss.

Current Mock Up: https://studntnu-my.sharepoint.com/:b:/g/personal/lassetw_ntnu_no/ER4MvZZXC5VJkEwnQwLg744BxYV8sqoXK-FxqbB4tIq1rw?e=dQj4tf

## User Guide

This section provides a walkthrough of the Bowfolios user interface and its capabilities.


### Landing page

This page will have cards and information on the best breaks
     - distance from campus, by skill level,
     - wave direction (lefts or rights),
     - ideal swell directions
     - ideal swell sizes.


### Sign in page

Where returning users sign in.


### Sign up page

Where new users sign up.


### Friends list

Where you can see the contact info of people you've talked to before.


### List of beaches

A list of all the beaches in the system, can filter by certain parameters or search by name.


### Page for each beach

Each beach will have its own page with all teh information known on it, as well as a comment section for people to leave suggestions/reviews.


### Public forums board

Public exchange of ideas, where there will be a list in order of recency, of all the threads of conversation people have about things like the best beaches, best beaches for new surfers, meetups and whatever else people want to talk about.


### Page for each public forum

Each discussion will have its own page.


### Admin homepage

The page where admins can see all of the information across the site, such as users, activity etc.


-----

Commit message:

Add Introduction Constantine
Add Introduction Constantine Index.html

index.md, after:

## Table of contents

* [Overview](#overview)
* [User Guide](#user-guide)

## Overview

Coral Dodging Aquaware is a project designed to list and categorize various beaches and Surfbreaks around UH Manoa and Oahu.  The breaks could be listed by distance from campus, by skill level, wave direction (lefts or rights), ideal swell directions, and ideal swell sizes.  This app could be helpful for the students who have come to UH Manoa from other places and would like to know which beaches would be ideal to surf for their skill level.  Maybe we could include potential hazards as well and a basic descirption of the location.  We could also add additional information to the app such as other activities that could be done at the beaches, such as swimming, snorkeling, volleyball or scuba diving.  We plan on having two roles, an administrative role as well as a basic user role.  Users can view the places while admins can make changes.  Different tabs could be used to reflect different skill level or other categories.  A user can specify skill level and get various suggestions based on their skill level.  User logs in, sets up profiles and can browse or receive suggestions.  We could also implement a rating system where users can rate the breaks.  Depending on how far we get maybe some beyond the basics features could be implemented, user generated reviews of places or maybe a chat area where people can discuss.

Current Mock Up: https://studntnu-my.sharepoint.com/:b:/g/personal/lassetw_ntnu_no/ER4MvZZXC5VJkEwnQwLg744BxYV8sqoXK-FxqbB4tIq1rw?e=dQj4tf

## User Guide

This section provides a walkthrough of the Bowfolios user interface and its capabilities.


### Landing page

This page will have cards and information on the best breaks
     - distance from campus, by skill level,
     - wave direction (lefts or rights),
     - ideal swell directions
     - ideal swell sizes.


### Sign in page

Where returning users sign in.


### Sign up page

Where new users sign up.


### Friends list

Where you can see the contact info of people you've talked to before.


### List of beaches

A list of all the beaches in the system, can filter by certain parameters or search by name.


### Page for each beach

Each beach will have its own page with all teh information known on it, as well as a comment section for people to leave suggestions/reviews.


### Public forums board

Public exchange of ideas, where there will be a list in order of recency, of all the threads of conversation people have about things like the best beaches, best beaches for new surfers, meetups and whatever else people want to talk about.


### Page for each public forum

Each discussion will have its own page.


### Admin homepage

The page where admins can see all of the information across the site, such as users, activity etc.

### Constantine Peros

Constantine is an ICS student, interested in game development, AR, VR, Cryptocurrency, Robotics, and Surfing.


-----
